#每日词汇
 monster n.怪兽  adj. 巨大的庞大的
 fascinate  vt. 使着迷  
 
 ##每日一句
 Love is a hero‘s jounery, and the hero's journey is a noble but difficult path  爱是一条英雄之路，而这条路既崇高又艰苦
 
 ##阅读内容
 It was in July that people started talking about the monster(怪物).

At first the talk was like a whisper.

“There’s a monster(怪物)—in the sea. They say it can attack even our biggest ships.”

“It’s enormous, and it moves really fast.”

“It’s bigger than the biggest whale you can ever imagine.”

But soon more people got to hear about this mysterious monster(怪物).

And the voices got louder and louder.

It didn’t take long for the whisper to become a scream.

People talked about the monster(怪物) in bars, at their place of work, and they read about it in the newspaper.

News about the monster(怪物) was on everybody’s lips(大家都在谈论的).

And then the science became interested in this mystery too.

As a scientist who has spent most of his life studying the creatures of the sea, I was fascinated(被吸引住的) by the appearance of this strange creature.

Was it a monster(怪物)? Or could there be a more natural explanation?

The talk continued, and got louder and louder for the rest of the year.

Reports were coming in constantly.

One day I heard that a Canadian ship had crashed into it.

At first the crew thought it was a rock.

But there was no rock on the map, and they were passing through a stretch of water they knew well.

It had to be the monster(怪物).

Three weeks later, passengers on a ship called the Scotia were having breakfast, when they heard a loud crash.

Voices could be heard from below.

“We’re sinking! We’re going down!”

Thanks to the skills of the captain, they didn’t go down.

They made it to a port.

Engineers examined the ship, and could not believe what they saw.

The ship had an enormous hole in it.

A hole that could only have been made by an enormous creature.

By now, everyone was talking about the monster(怪物).

Every time something went wrong at sea, people just knew what was responsible—the monster(怪物).

“The monster(怪物) must die,” was the response. “The sea is no longer safe.”

I examined these reports very carefully.

There was some mystery behind them, of that I was sure.

But I study nature.

It is my life.

And I knew that a natural explanation could be found. But how?

The ocean is full of mysteries.

There is so much that we still need to discover.

That is why I find it so exciting to study it.

I was quite sure that this was no monster(怪物).

I was also sure that some kind of creature was hiding in the ocean, a large creature, perhaps larger than the largest creature we had ever seen.

It certainly was fast, and it had enormous power.

But public opinion had already decided.

This was nothing natural.

This was a monster(怪物).


The world waited for the monster(怪物) to make its next appearance.

What would happen next?

The answer to this question was,

Nothing!

When people really started looking for the monster(怪物), because they wanted to destroy it, they couldn’t find it.

It was nowhere to be seen.

For two months nobody reported seeing the monster(怪物).

It was as if it had disappeared under the sea, forever.

The last reported incident involving the monster(怪物) had come from the North Pole.

Could it still be there?

It was the American government that decided to find out.

A ship was chosen, the fastest ship that the American navy had, with the best and most skilled crew.

The Abraham Lincoln was made ready to find and destroy the monster(怪物).

Just before the ship set off, I received a letter.

It was from the American government.

They wanted me to be a part of the expedition.

How could I refuse such an opportunity?

It is true, I was tired.

I had just returned from a very long journey, and I had wanted nothing more than to get back home.

Home was Paris.

And in Paris there was my beloved Natural History Museum, where I worked.

But I forgot about my tiredness when I read that letter.

I put all thoughts of home to one side and accepted the offer immediately.

I didn’t want to go alone, however.

I needed someone to help me, someone who I could trust.

Usually I could rely on my servant, Conseil.

He followed me everywhere.

Wherever science took me, Conseil was always by my side.

But would he be happy to go with me to meet—a monster(怪物)?

“Make preparations for me and yourself,” I said to him. “We are going to leave on the Abraham Lincoln in two hours.”

“Yes, sir,” replied Conseil quietly.

“We are not going back to Paris then?” he asked.

“No, there has been a change of plans. We are going on a hunt.”

“What are we hunting, sir?”

“I am not sure. It is either an incredible sea creature or a monster(怪物).

Nobody has ever seen it, and if we are successful, we will be the first.

It will be exciting, I promise you. But it could also be dangerous.”

“As you wish, sir,” replied my servant.

“Conseil never complains,” I thought. “He never causes me any problems. He would follow me to the darkest corners of the earth if I asked him to.”


##解析
1. be fascinate by 被什么所吸引，为...着迷
2. on everyone's lips  大家都在一轮...
3. crash into ...撞到...
4. a stretch of water  一片水域
5. make it to somewhere 成功抵达某处
6. set off 出发
7. nothing more than...   仅仅是...

