##每日词汇
equator 赤道

##每日一句
Read until your eyes are sore. Then read some more  要读书，读到双眼酸疼，然后在接着读

##阅读内容
We made our way to the port, and as soon as we arrived, our luggage was brought onto the ship.

Inside the ship, we were taken to the captain.

His name was Farragut.

As soon as he saw me, he held out his hand to greet me.


“Welcome, Professor,” he said. “We were waiting for you. Your room is ready if you would like to see it. I hope everything will be to your satisfaction.”

The Abraham Lincoln was an impressive ship.

It was fast, the best the American navy could offer.

While I was looking around my room, the ship started to move.

Captain Farragut was in a hurry.

“My journey has begun,” I thought. “Who knows where the ship will take me, and if we will meet this strange creature.”

I didn’t know it, but this was not going to be an ordinary journey.

It was going to be the most incredible and extraordinary journey of my life.

Farragut was a good captain.

He and his crew worked together well.

They had a job to do.

They had to find the monster(怪物).

Captain Farragut believed that it existed, and he thought that he would destroy it.

For him, there could be only two possible endings to the story.

He would kill the monster(怪物), or the monster(怪物) would kill him.

His crew wanted nothing more than to find this monster(怪物).

They watched, they waited, and they hoped to be the first to see it.

It was important for them to be the first to see the monster(怪物), and there were two thousand reasons for this.

The first man to see it would receive a prize of two thousand dollars.

That was enough money to get everybody’s attention.

All eyes were on the water.

The ship had everything it needed to catch a monster(怪物).

It even had a monster(怪物) catcher, a man called Ned Land.

This man was famous because he was able to catch any whale.

He was quick and brave, and no whale could escape him.

If anybody could catch this thing, it would be Ned Land.

He was about forty years old, and he was tall and strong.

Ned liked to chat about his adventures, and I loved listening to them.

Ned didn’t believe that we would ever see this animal.

He didn’t think that the Abraham Lincoln would find it, because he didn’t believe that it existed.

Ned was a man of the sea, and he thought that he had seen everything that the sea had to offer.

Little by little, people began to believe that maybe Ned was right.

Perhaps there was no monster(怪物).

This was because nothing happened for a very long time.

The ship however, continued on its course.

By the third of July we were at the Straits of Magellan, and then we were in the Pacific Ocean.

“Keep your eyes open,” cried a sailor.

All of our eyes were open.

The thought of two thousand dollars kept them open.

But our eyes saw nothing but water.

On the 20th of July, we arrived at the Equator(赤道), and we made our way toward the China Seas.

We were nearly at the place where the creature was last seen.

Everybody was nervous and excited.

They couldn’t eat, they couldn’t sleep.

At least twenty times a day, someone shouted, “There it is!”

But every time, when we looked out at the sea, we saw nothing.

For three months, the Abraham Lincoln sailed around the North Pacific Ocean,

turning, changing course, stopping and starting, until not one part of the Japanese or American coast was unexplored.

Enthusiasm for the expedition began to die.

The search seemed to be nothing but a waste of time.

It could not last much longer.

We had to return, we had to give up.

But the captain asked for three more days.

If in three days the monster(怪物) did not appear, the Abraham Lincoln would make its way home.

This decision had an interesting effect.

The crew started to look carefully at the ocean again.

But two days passed and there was still no sign of the monster(怪物).

On the third day, night was approaching.

All seemed lost. The sea was peaceful, and I looked out, waiting for the captain’s order to return home.

“Come here, Conseil,” I said. “Look at the sea with me. This is your last chance of earning two thousand dollars.”

“I never thought we would find it, sir,” replied Conseil.

“And you were right, Conseil. We should be in Paris now, instead of being here, in the middle of the Pacific Ocean.”

“They will laugh at(嘲笑，讥笑) us in Paris,” continued I.

“Indeed,” replied Conseil.

But just at that moment, we heard the voice of Ned Land.

“I can see it!” he cried.

Everybody rushed toward Ned.

Captains, officers and regular sailors all came up to look.

They had been waiting for this moment for so long.

But it was getting very dark.

“How did he manage to see it?” I asked myself.

But Ned was right. It was there.

He pointed at something.

We all looked to that point, and that part of the sea seemed to be alive with(充满) light.

It was the creature.

It was shining like the sun.

And it was coming toward us!

##解析
1. Straits of Magellan 麦哲伦海峡
2. course 文中表示“航向，路线”
3. to someone's satisfaction 让某人满意
4. in a hurry  急匆匆
5. nothing more than 仅仅是
6. little by little 一点一点
7. nothing but 只有，只是

