##每日一句
What I know for sure is that pleasure is energy reciprocated: What you put out comes back. 我确信的是，快乐是一种能量的互换：你释放出去的，也会回到你身边。

##阅读内容
---
In early April, Colonel Blantyre, the nephew of Earl’s, was forced to return to his army group.

It was arranged that Reuben would drive him to the town, and ride back.

For this purpose I was chosen for the journey.

At the station, the colonel put some money into Reuben’s hand and said good-bye.

Then Reuben rode me to the White Lion.

He ordered the stable keeper to feed(喂养) me well, and have me ready for him at four o’clock.

Reuben did not come into the yard till five, and then he said he would not leave till six, as he had met with some old friends.

The stable keeper told him that a nail in one of my front shoes had come loose, and asked if he would have the shoe taken care of.

“No,” said Reuben, “that will be all right till we get home.”

He spoke in a very loud, rude way.

I thought it very unlike him not to take care of the shoe, as he used to be very careful about loose nails in our shoes.

He did not come at six nor seven, nor eight. It was nearly nine o’clock before he called for me with a loud, rough voice.

He seemed angry and was rude to the stable keeper, though I could not tell why.

The stable keeper stood at the door and said, “Have a care, Mr. Smith!” but he answered angrily with bad words.

Almost before he was out of the town, he began to run.

He frequently gave me sharp cuts with his whip, though I was going at full speed.

The moon had not yet risen, and it was very dark.

The roads were uneven, having been recently repaired.

Going over them at this pace, my shoe became looser, and as we neared the main road gate, it came off.

Reuben should have noticed something wrong with the way I was running, but he didn’t. He was too drunk.

Beyond the main road, there was a long piece of road where fresh stones had just been laid.

No horse could be quickly driven on those large sharp stones without any risk of danger.

Over this road, with one shoe gone, I was forced to run at my top speed.

Meanwhile, my rider cut into me with his whip, and angrily urged me to go still faster.

Of course my foot without the shoe suffered dreadfully.

The hoof(马蹄) was broken and split down to the flesh, and the inside was terribly cut by the sharpness of the stones.

This could not go on. The pain was too great. I lost control, and fell with violence on both my knees.

Reuben was thrown off by my fall, and due to the speed I was going at, he must have fallen with great force.

The moon had just risen, and by its light I could see Reuben lying a few yards beyond me.

He did not rise. He made one slight effort to do so, and then there was a heavy cry.


One more heavy cry came from Reuben.

Although he now lay in the full moonlight, I could see no motion.

I could do nothing for him nor for myself.

How I listened for the sound of horse, or wheels, or footsteps!

But the road was not much traveled, and at this time of the night we might wait for hours before help came to us.

It must have been nearly midnight when I heard the sound of a horse’s feet at a great distance.

I hoped it might be someone coming in search of us.

As the sound came nearer and nearer, I was almost sure it was Ginger’s step.

I cried loudly, and was excited to hear an answer from Ginger, and men’s voices.

They came slowly over the stones, and stopped at the dark figure that lay upon the ground.

One of the men jumped out, and bent down over it. “It is Reuben, Ned,” he said, “and he does not move!”

Ned followed, bent over him, and said, “He’s dead, Robert, feel how cold his hands are.”

They raised him up, and his hair was wet with blood.

They came and looked at me and soon saw my cut knees.

“The horse has been down and thrown him! Reuben must have been lying here for hours!

Odd, too, that the horse has not moved from the place.” said Robert.

He attempted to lead me forward. I made a step, but almost fell again.

“He’s bad in his foot as well as his knees. Look here—his hoof(马蹄) is cut all to pieces. No wonder the poor horse fell!

Ned, I’m afraid Reuben has some problems. Just think of his riding a horse over these stones without a shoe!

He would never do such a thing normally, any more than he would try to ride a horse over the moon. I’m afraid he must be drunk.

What must we do? There’s the horse to get home as well as the body, and that will be no easy matter.”

Then they agreed that Robert would lead me, and Ned took the body.

When Ned started off very slowly with his sad load, Robert came and looked at my foot again.

He took a piece of cloth and bound it closely round, and so he led me home.

Robert led me on very slowly, and I walked slowly with great pain.

At last, I reached my own box, and had some corn.

After Robert had bound my knees in wet cloths, he tied up my foot in a piece of warm cloth, to draw out the heat and to clean it before the horse-doctor saw it in the morning.

I managed to get myself down on the straw, and slept in spite of the pain.

The next day, after the doctor had examined my foot and knees, he said he hoped the joint was not hurt.

If it was hurt, I should not be made to work.

I believe they did the best to make a good cure, but it was a long and painful one.

The flesh of my knees became infected, and had to be burned out with a chemical.

When at last it was all good, they put very hot water over the front of both knees to get rid of all the hair.

They had some reason for this, and I suppose it was all right.


As Smith’s death had been so sudden, and no one was there to see it, there was an examination of the cause.

The stable keeper at the White Lion, with several other people, gave evidence that he was drunk when he started from the hotel.

The keeper of the toll-gate said he rode at a hard run through the gate, and my shoe was picked up among the stones.

The case was quite plain to them, and I was cleared of all blame.

##讲义
句子解析
---
1. The case was quite plain to them, and I was cleared of all blame
- plain这里是“清楚的”意思。而不是平原的意思

2. Beyond the main road, there was a long piece of road where fresh stones had just been laid.
- beyond: 这里是”在那边，在另一边“的意思. beyond one's control: 不受某人控制
- fresh：语言是灵活的，不一定只有用”new“ 才能表达”新采的石头“。”fresh“ 也不仅仅用来形容蔬菜, "fresh air" and "fresh stones"也是可以的，要看不同的语境

3. Meanwhile, my rider cut into me with his whip, and angrily urged me to go still faster. .......The hoof was broken and split down to the flesh, and the inside was terribly cut by the sharpness of the stones.
- cut into: "切入，割入"，此处生动形象的表达了"用鞭子狠狠的抽马"的动作。
- 此外，cut into 还有插嘴的意思， 如 she cut into out conversation several times.

4. How I listened for the sound of horse, or wheels or footsteps!
- How I listened for...:感叹句。  类似的还有"How I wish/enjoy", e.g. How I enjoy my school life.
- listen for sth: 留心听，注意听

5. They came slowly over the stones, and stopped at the dark figure that lay upon the ground.
- figure: 这个词除了表示“数字”， 还可以表示“外形，人影，轮廓”， shapes of the body. 这里是“黑乎乎身影”的意思

6. When Ned started off very slowly with his sad load, Robert came and looked my foot again.
- sad load: "悲伤的负荷"，此处指装载者Reuben遗体的马车

---
##今日短语
1. order sb to do sth 命令某人做某事
2. feed sb well 好好喂养某人
3. come close 变松
4. not...till...  直到...才...
5. have a care 小心
6. come off 松开， 成功
7. cut into 切入
8. with great force/violence 在巨大强力/暴力下
9. a heavy cry  沉重的叫声
10. at a great distance  在很远的距离
11. dark figure  黑乎乎的人影
12. upon the ground 地板上
13. bend(bent) down over 弯下身来
14. raise sb up 把某人举起来
15. no wonder 难怪，不足为奇
16. start off 出发，开始
17. draw out 拔出，拉出
18. burn out 烧尽
19. get rid of 避开，清除
20. be cleared of all blame 洗脱嫌疑，无责


