##每日一句
**Life might take you down different roads. But each of you gets to decide which one to take**  生活也许会将你带往不同的路，但是决定该走哪条路的是你。

---
阅读内容
The next day in the afternoon, harnesses were put on us.

We were put in the carriage and led round to the front of the house.

This was my first time wearing a bearing rein(颈上控缰).

It was certainly annoying not to be able to get my head down now and then, but luckily, the rein(缰绳) did not pull my head higher than before.

I felt anxious about Ginger, but she seemed to be quiet and content.

We heard the rubbing sound of a silk dress, and the lady came down the steps.

In a loud voice she said, “York, you must put those horses’ heads higher. They are not fit to be seen.”

York said very politely,

“I beg your pardon, my lady, but these horses have not been reined up for three years, and my lord said it would be safer to bring them to it by degrees.

But if you lady would like, I can take them up a little more.”

“Do so,” she said.

York came round to our heads and shortened the rein(缰绳).

That day we had a high hill to go up.

I had to pull with my head up and that took all the spirit out of me, and the strain came on my back and legs.

Day by day, hole by hole, our bearing reins(颈上控缰) were shortened.

Instead of looking forward with pleasure to having my harness put on, I began to be scared of it.

Ginger, too, seemed scared, though she said very little.

At last, I thought the worst was over, for several days there was no more shortening.

However, the worst burst out.

One day my lady came down later than usual, and the silk rubbed more than ever.

“Drive to the Duchess of B-’s,” she said, and then after a pause, “are you never going to get those horses’ heads up, York? Raise them at once.”

York came to me first, he drew my head back and fixed the rein(缰绳) so tight that it was very uncomfortable.

Then he went to Ginger. She had a good idea of what was coming.

She took her opportunity, and rose on her back legs so suddenly that York had his nose roughly hit and his hat knocked off.

The other groom(马夫) was nearly thrown off his legs.

At once they both flew to her head.

But she was a match for them, and went on jumping, rising on back legs, and kicking in a most desperate manner.

At last, she kicked right over the carriage pole and fell down, after giving me a severe blow on my side.

York immediately sat himself down flat on her head to prevent her moving.

The groom(马夫) soon set me free from the carriage, and then led me to my box and ran back to York.

Before long, Ginger was led in by two grooms(马夫), a good deal knocked about and hurt.

Ginger was never put into the carriage again.

When her wounds were healed, one of the Lord W-’s younger sons said he would like to have her.

He was sure she would make a good hunter.

As for me, I still had to go in the carriage.


It would be hard to describe what I suffered with that rein(缰绳) for four long months in my lady’s carriage.

York might have known how that rein(缰绳) bothered me.

But nothing was done to help me.

Early in the spring, Lord W- and part of his family went up to London, and took York with them.

I and Ginger and some other horses were left at home.

The head groom(马夫), Reuben Smith, was left in charge of the stables.

Now I must say a little about Reuben Smith.

When he was all right, there could not be a more faithful or valuable man.

He was gentle and very clever in his management of horses;

he was a first-rate driver, and he could manage four horses all pulling a carriage together;

he was a handsome man, and had very good manners.

I believe everybody liked him, and certainly the horses did.

But he had one great fault, and that was the love of drink.

He was not like some men, always at it.

He used to stay away from drink for weeks or months together.

Then he would break out and have a lot of it.

However, he was so useful that two or three times York hadn’t talked about the matter with others and kept it from the Earl’s knowledge.

Reuben had made a firm promise that he would never taste another drop as long as he lived there.

He had kept his promise so well that York thought Smith might be safely trusted to fill his place while he was away.

### 讲义
句子解析。
1. This is my first time wearing a bearing rein.
- This/It is sb's first time doing/to do sth.  第一次做......

2. It was certainly annoying not to be able to get my head down now and then....
- annoying: 令人心烦的。
- now and then: 时不时的

3. In a loud voice, she said "York, you must put those horses' heads higher". They are not fit to be seenn.
- They are not fit to be seen: 马儿的头应该高高的抬起，否则就太失身份了。

4. Day and day, hole and hole, our bearing reins were shortened. Instead of looking forward with pleasure to having my harness put on, I begin to be scared of it.
- hole and hole: 一天接一天的过去，缰绳一扣接一扣的缩短了
- look forward to doing sth: 期待做某事
- be scared of = be afraid of 害怕

5. However, the worst burst out.
- burst out: 突然发生，爆发。 burst out doing sth

6. She had a good idea of waht was coming.
- a good idea of: 表示“清楚的了解”， 即“心中有数”， 而不是有个好主意

7. She took her opportunity, and rose on her back legs so suddenly that York had his nose roughly hit and his hat knocked off.
- take one's opportunity: 抓住机遇~ 这里是说Ginger抓住了反抗和进攻的机会。
- roughly：粗暴的，猛烈的
- 整句话的意思是：她抓住了防抗的机会，迅速用后退立起来，以至于猛地踢到了York的鼻子，也把他的帽子踢掉在地上。（have sth done）

8. At last, she kicked right over the carriage pole and fell down, after giving me a severe blow on my side.
- right: 正好，恰好。
- s severe blow: 一记严重的撞击。 （译：最终，她抬起的腿正好踢在车辕上，在我旁边给了我一记严重的撞击后，她就摔倒了）

9. Before long, Ginger was led in by two grooms, a good deal knocked about and hurt.
- before long：不久，   long before：很久以前
- a good deal：大量，许多
- 译：不久后 Ginger被两位车夫带了进来，带着满身被踢打的伤口（Ginger 把York踢成那样，免不了一顿好打）

10. However, he was so useful that two or three times York hadn't talked about the matter with others and kept it from the Earl's knowledge.
- two or three times: 两到三次，表示次数
- keep it from...: 远离
- knowledge：这里是指“知晓，了解到”的意思
- 译：Reuben Smith 是如此的能干，以至于York先生三番两次把他喝酒的事情隐瞒下来，既不让别人知晓，也不让主人一家知道。

---
今日短语
1. now and then 偶尔，时不时
2. I beg your pardon 请您原谅
3. by degress 渐渐的
4. look forward to doing sth 期待某物
5. be scared of doing sht 害怕某物
6. brust out 突然爆发
7. at once 立即，马上
8. take one's opporunity 抓住某人的机会
9. a match for sb 和某人旗鼓相当
10. set sb. free 释放某人
11. as for 至于
12. in charge of 掌控，掌管
13. stay away from 远离
