##每日一句
I was too curious about the future to look back. 我曾对未来充满好奇，所以不愿回到过去

##阅读内容
I was sold to a person who sold corn and made bread.

Jerry knew him, and he thought I should have good food and fair work.

In the first Jerry was quite right.

But there was a manager who was always hurrying and driving everyone.

And when I had a full load, he would order something else to be taken.

My carriage driver, whose name was Jakes, always had the bearing rein(颈上控缰) up, which kept me from moving easily.

What’s worse, he always used the whip, though I had used all my strength.

By the time I had been there three or four months, I found the work telling very much on my strength.

I was getting so totally worn out from this cause that a younger horse was bought in to take my place.

I may as well mention here what I suffered at this time from another cause.

I had heard horses speak of it, but had never had experience of the problem myself.

This was a badly-lighted stable.

There was only one very small window at the end, and so the separated spaces for horses were almost dark.

This miserable thing not only affected my spirits, but also made my sight worse,

and when I was suddenly brought out of the darkness into the bright light, it was very painful to my eyes.

Several times I fell over the step, and could hardly see where I was going.

I believe, if I stayed there very long, I would have become totally blind, and that would be a great problem.

I heard men say that a completely blind horse was safer to drive than one which had weak sight, as poor sight generally made them very scared.

However, I escaped without any permanent damage to my sight, and was sold to a large cab owner.

My new master I shall never forget. His name was Nicholas Skinner.

I have heard men say that seeing is believing.

But I would say that feeling is believing, for though I had seen much before, I never knew the total misery of a cab-horse’s life till now.

Skinner had a bad set of cabs and a bad set of drivers.

He was hard on the men, and the men were hard on the horses.

In this place we had no Sunday rest.

Sometimes a party of people looking for fun would rent the cab for the day—four of them inside and another with the driver.

I had to take them ten or fifteen miles out into the country and back again.

None of them would ever get down to walk up a hill, no matter how high the hill was or how hot the day was.

They only got down when the driver was afraid I would not manage it.

My driver was just as hard as his master.

He had a cruel whip with something so sharp at the end that it sometimes drew blood.

He would even whip me under the belly, and at my head.

This kind of bad treatment took the heart out of me terribly, but still I did my best and was never lazy.

For, as poor Ginger said, it was no use. Men are the strongest.

My life was now so utterly miserable that I wished I might drop down dead at my work and be out of my misery.

One day my wish very nearly came true.

I went to the cabstand(马车出租站) at eight in the morning and did a good amount of work when we had to take two passengers to the railway.

Then at the railway station(火车站) my driver picked up a party of four with a great deal of baggage.

The little girl was worried that the load might be too heavy, but her father told her that it wasn’t his business to worry about the health of cab-horses.

The load was very heavy, and I had had neither food nor rest since morning.

But I did my best, as I always had done, in spite of the bad and miserable way I was treated.

I went along fairly well till we came to Ludgate Hill.

There the heavy load was too much and I lost my strength.

I was trying so hard to keep on, with the driver whipping me and pulling on my reins(缰绳).

In a single moment, my feet slipped from under me, and I fell heavily to the ground on my side.

The sudden force with which I fell seemed to beat all the breath out of my body.

I lay perfectly still. I had no power to move, and I thought now I was going to die.

I heard a sort of confusion round me, loud angry voices, and the getting down of the baggage.

Someone came and made the throat strap of my bridle(马笼头) loose, and untied the tight collar upon me.

Then I could hear a policeman giving orders, but I did not even open my eyes.

I could only draw a deep breath now and then.

Some cold water was thrown over my head, and some healing medicine was poured into my mouth, and something was covered over me.

I cannot tell how long I lay there, but I found my life coming back, and a kind-voiced man was patting me and encouraging me to rise.

After some more medicine, and after one or two attempts, I moved slowly to stand on my feet.

And I was gently led to some stables which were close by.

Here I was put into a clean space, and some warm food was brought to me, which I ate thankfully.


In the evening I was well enough to be led back to Skinner’s stables, where they did the best for me they could.

The next morning, Skinner came with an animal doctor to look at me.

He examined me very closely and said:

“This is a case of overwork(过度劳累) more than disease, and if you could give him a run off for six months, he would be able to work again. But now there is no strength left in him.”

“Then he must be sold,” said Skinner.

“I have no field to nurse sick horses in—he might get well or he might not. That sort of thing doesn’t suit my business.

My plan is to work them as long as they’ll go, and then sell them for whatever someone will pay, even for horsemeat if I have to.”

On the twelfth day after I fell, I was taken to a sale, a few miles out of London.

I felt that any change from my present place must be an improvement, so I held up my head, and hoped for the best.

##解析
1. draw blood 抽血
2. wear out 精疲力竭   get worn out = be worn out
3. from this cause 由于这个原因
4. brought out of...into..  从...中带出来，被带入...当中
5. seeing is believing 眼见为实   feeling is believing  感受过才是真实的
6. drop down 倒下，落下
7. take the heart out of sb  使某人失去勇气
8. in a single moment 在一个特定的时刻
9. slipped from 从某处滑落
10. give him a turn off 给他一段休息期
11. have a full load 负重满满
12. in the first 起初
13. keep sb from doing sth 阻止某人做某事
14. speak of 提及
15. fall over 摔跤
16. be hard on  对...严苛
17. out of misery 脱离不幸 
18. look for fun 循环做乐
19. a good amount of 大量

