##每日一句
Better alone than badly accompanied   宁缺毋滥

##阅读内容
As soon as my knees became sufficiently well, I was turned into a small field for a month or two.

No other creature was there. I felt very lonely, and now I missed Ginger’s company very much.

Till one morning the gate was opened, and old Ginger came in.

She had been damaged by hard riding, and was now given a chance to see what rest would do.

We both felt in ourselves that we were not what we had been.

However, that did not reduce the pleasure we had in each other’s company.

We used to feed(吃东西), lie down together, and stand for hours under the big lime-trees with our heads close to each other.

And so we passed our time till the family returned from town.

One day we saw the Earl come into the field, and York was with him.

They examined us carefully.

The Earl seemed very angry.

“These were fine horses who cost me a lot of money, but what I care most about is that these horses of my old friend,

who thought they would find a good home with me, are damaged.

The female horse shall have a year’s run, and we shall see what that will do for her.

But the black one, he must be sold. It’s a great pity, but I cannot have knees like these in my stables.”

“Of course not, my lord, but he might get a place where appearance is not of much importance, and still be well treated.

I know a man in Bath, the master of some rental-horse stables, who often wants a good horse at a low price.”

“You had better write to him, York. I would be more particular about the place than the money he would pay.”

After this they left us.

About a week after this, Robert came into the field with a bearing rein(颈上控缰), and led me away.

There was no chance to say goodbye to Ginger. We cried to each other as I was led off.

She walked anxiously along by the small trees, calling to me as long as she could hear the sound of my feet.


Through York’s good words, I was bought by the master of the rental-horse stables.

When I arrived, I found myself in a quite comfortable stable and well attended to.

Our master took as much care of us as he could.

He kept a good many horses and carriages of different kinds for rent.

Sometimes his own men drove them.

At other times, the horse and seat were rented out to gentlemen or ladies who drove themselves.

Until now I had always been driven by people who at least knew how to drive.

However, in this place, I was to get my experience of all the different kinds of bad driving, for I was a “job-horse”.

It would take a long time to tell people about all the different driving styles, but I will mention a few of them.

First were the tight-rein(紧缰绳) drivers—men held the reins(缰绳) as hard as they could, and never relaxed the pull on the horse’s mouth, or gave him the least freedom of movement.

Then were the loose-rein(松缰绳) drivers, who let the reins(缰绳) lie easily on our back, and their own hand rest lazily on their knees.

If a horse suddenly moves, or startles(受惊), or falls, the harm is done.

Besides, some drivers didn’t pay attention at all, and would attend to anything else more than their horses.

I went out in the carriage one day with one of them.


He shook the reins(缰绳) as we started, and of course gave me several meaningless cuts with the whip.

There had been a good deal of road-repair going on, and there were a great many loose stones around.

And so it easily happened that I got a stone in one of my front feet.

My driver was laughing and joking with the lady and the children, but never thought he should keep an eye on me.

He drove me with that stone in my foot for a good half-mile.

At last a farmer saw and got it out.

My driver shook the reins(缰绳) again.

This was the sort of experience we job-horses often had.

Of course we sometimes had good drivers also.

One morning I was put into the light carriage and taken to a house.

Two gentlemen came out.

The taller of them came round to my head and took a look at the bearing rein(颈上控缰).

“I don’t like it,” said the gentleman, “I’ll take it off, and put the leading rein(控制方向的缰绳) in.

An easy mouth is a great thing on a long journey. Isn’t that right, old fellow?” he said, patting my neck.

Then he took the reins(缰绳), and they both got up.

I can remember now how quietly he turned me round.

With a light feel of the rein(缰绳), and a gentle drawing of the whip across my back, we were off.

I bent my neck and set off at my best pace.

I found I had someone behind me who knew how a good horse ought to be driven.

It seemed like old times again, and made me feel quite happy.

This gentleman liked me very much.

After trying me several times, he talked my master into selling me to a friend of his.

His friend wanted a safe, pleasant horse for riding.

In the summer I was sold to Mr. Barry.


##今日短语
1. as soon as 一...就
2. pass time 消磨时光
3. be of much important 很重要
4. be particular about 对...什么挑剔
5. set off 出发
6. attend to sb./sth.  照料...
7. rest on 靠在
8. keep an eye on 留意，照看
9. talk sb. into doing sth 说服某人做某事




