##每日一句
The things that go unsaid are often the things that eat at you 哪些没说出口的话常常变成困扰吞噬你的心

##阅读内容
One day during the summer, the groom(马夫) cleaned my feet and legs, brushed my hoofs, even parted the hair on my forehead.

He dressed me with such special care.

I thought some new change must be at hand.

Willie seemed half-anxious and half-happy, as he got into the carriage with his grandfather.

“If the ladies like him,” said the old gentleman, “they’ll be pleased and he’ll be pleased. We can but try.”

At the distance of a mile or two from the village, we came to a pretty, small house.

Willie rang the bell, and asked if Miss Blomefield or Miss Ellen was at home.

Yes, they were. So, while Willie stayed with me, Mr. Thoroughgood went into the house.

In about ten minutes he returned, followed by three ladies.

They all came and looked at me and asked questions.

Miss Ellen liked me very much.

But Miss Lavinia said that she would always be nervous when riding behind me.

She thought that I might fall again because I had once been down.

“Many first-rate horses have had their knees broken because of the carelessness of their drivers. It was not the horse’s fault.

I can tell he is a very good horse. Of course I do not wish to influence you. If you want, you can have him on trial.

Then your carriage driver will see what he thinks of the horse,” said Mr. Thoroughgood.

“You have always been such a good adviser to us about our horses,” said Miss Blomefield,

“your good words would go a long way with me. If my sister Lavinia is willing, we will accept your offer of a trial, with thanks.”

It was then arranged that I would be sent for the next day.

In the next morning, a smart-looking(长得机灵的) young man came for me. At first he looked pleased.

But when he saw my knees, he said in a sad voice, “I don’t think, sir, you should send my ladies a horse with a problem like that.”

“You are only taking him on trial, young man. If he is not as safe as any horse you ever drove, send him back,” said my master.

I was led to my new home, placed in a comfortable stable, fed(喂食), and left to myself.

The next day, when the groom(马夫) was cleaning my face, he said, “That white mark on his face is just like the one that ‘Black Beauty’ had;

he is much the same height, too. I wonder where he is now.”

Then he came to my neck and saw the little knot(伤疤) in the skin.

He almost started, and began to look me over carefully, talking to himself.

“White star in the forehead, one white foot on the off side, this little knot(伤疤) just in that place.”

Then looking at the middle of my back, he said, “and, as I am alive, there is that little part of white hair that John used to call ‘Beauty’s three-penny coin’.

It must be ‘Black Beauty’! Beauty! Beauty! Do you know me?—little Joe Green, that almost killed you?”

And he began patting and patting me as if he was quite excited.


I could not say that I remembered him, for now he was a fine grown young man.

But I was sure that he knew me, and that he was Joe Green.

I was very glad. I put my nose up to him, and tried to say that we were friends.

I never saw a man so pleased.

In the afternoon I was put into a low open carriage and brought to the door.

Miss Ellen was going to try me, and Joe went with her.

I soon found that she was a good driver, and she seemed pleased with my speed.

I heard Joe telling her about me, and that he was sure I was Squire Gordon’s old “Black Beauty”.

When we returned, the other sisters came out to hear how well I did.

Miss Ellen told them what she had just heard, and said,

“I shall certainly write to Mrs. Gordon, and tell her that the horse she liked the most has come to us. How pleased she will be!”

After this I was driven every day for a week or so.

As I appeared to be quite safe, Miss Lavinia at last tried out in the small closed carriage.

Then the ladies decided to keep me, and call me by my old name of “Black Beauty”.

My ladies have promised that I shall never be sold, so I have nothing to fear.

I have now lived in this happy place for a whole year.

Joe is the best and kindest groom(马夫).

My work is easy and pleasant, and I feel my strength and spirits all coming back again.

Here my story ends. My troubles are all over, and I am at home.

And often before I am quite awake, I fancy I am still in the fruit farm at Birtwick, standing with my old friends under the apple-trees.

##解析
1. started  文中表示“惊起，吓一跳”
2. we can but try   我们不妨试试
3. be at hand  即将到来
4. have sth on trail 试用
5. go a long way with  对...有大帮助
6. try out 试用
7. have nothing to fear  没有忧虑
